This is an angular application that receives its data
and capabilities from the H Plus Sport Catalog API.
So all the information that you see
regarding the products within this page
is provided by an API implementation
that we designed and defined using Swagger and OAS.
The API definition is created in Swagger Hub.
So we defined the different operations on that API
and described the different data
that those operations expect, and the data that they return
to the API consumer.
With that definition file we were able
to generate documentation.
So this documentation is beneficial for any API consumer
that's looking to invoke those operations on the API.
We were also able to use Swagger Hub
and our API definition file to generate
two different components within the solutions architecture.
So we built out a client SDK based upon
type script and angular,
and that client SDK's used within the angular application
to communicate with the API.
The API implementation was created based upon
a server stub that we generated through Swagger Hub
using its generation capabilities for the spring framework.
So we generated the server stub
that uses the spring framework,
and then we provided some additional implementation
that served the data for the products
and provided some additional capabilities
that would allow you to create a product.
Once we had that API implementation completed
we packaged it into a jar file,
and we needed a place to host and run
that API implementation,
so we turned to Microsoft Azure.
Within Microsoft Azure we were able
to provision a Linux BM and we deployed
our API implementation to it.
We then ran that implementation on the BM
and we put DNS in front of the API implementation
so that we had an easy way to send all of our traffic there.
So here you can see some of the traffic
that has gone to our API implementation.
Once we had the implementation up and running on Azure,
with DNS, we turned to another tool, Google Apigee.
So Google Apigee is an API management solution.
So if you're an organization with a large catalog
of APIs Apigee can help you centralize
the management of some API concerns.
So things like security, throttling, and monitoring
can be handled in a central solution
that you proxy all of your API traffic through.
So here you can see some of the capabilities
provided by Apigee.
It provides you with a area to develop and proxy APIs,
and then you can also do things
like monitor their performance, see some geo mapping
about where your traffic is coming from.
So all sorts of great management tools
for a catalog of APIs.
So the key take away here is this entire solution
was enabled by the API definition files
that we created using Swagger's tools
and the open API specification.
It allowed us to quickly and efficiently
deliver a solution that had high quality documentation
that would attract developers
and promote high adoption rates.